 # Week1
My name is richard Soeum I am 17 years old my birthday is november 19th 2001. I have three brothers one is my twin matthew and he is super super cool. Ive played soccer all my life.  Ive had the luxury of playing the prestigeous soccer club washington premier. With this club ive been allowed to travel to over 5 different states displaying my skills. I play center mid with my brother and we're like a duo.
Before we started this class i had no idea what it was. But my brother matthew told me i should take it so i said okay. When asked what technical writing was i had trouble creating my own definition as for i had no certain answers myself. Whan kason defined it it all made sense to me. That we're writing instructions somewhat for people to use. I thought this was cool because its a real life skill many should have. 
If i am being honest when we started working on git hub i had lots of troubles. I eventually pulled through but it took sometime. I am still confused on some aspects of the website but im sure with time and adjustment ill become familiar with using it easily. Key characteristics of the website are the collaborators aspect. I thinks its very helpful as you can pull other ideas from other creators to help you further your own understandings. 
The audience for the program hisorian is for those who need help. persay students or even teachers just those who want to learn on specific things the program historian has. The historians purpose is to inform as act as a archive for information i believe. The peirce hacker audience is for students and staff of the school. The purpose of pierce hacker is to inform the people of the school i think. the writers publish their work publicly so it can help those who can benefit from it.
this week ive learned a good amount if i am being honest. Git hub was a big step for me because it was very foreign but im sure i learned the basics that can help me get through the class.
 # week 2
For my lego project I made a lego spaceship that contained 20 pieces. When composing my instruction set it was fairly easy because it was just Legos. For example, "connect 2x6 white lego to the 2x4 blue lego piece". Originally, for my instruction set i had only 7 steps because my piece only contained 10 pieces at irst. But when i saw that my project was too plain i had to add another 10 pieces to make my instruction set harder instead of it being so easy. My isntruction set ended with 13 steps to create my space ship. When my instruction set was used the feedback given to me was that in one of my steps it should have been put into 2 steps or add 2 pictures instead of 1. This is because the 1st picture did not not show the step properly and hid one part of the legos being attached. The person that used my instruction set found my spaceship easy to built and that was the only feedback given to me.
The audience for my project would be children. My instruction was extrememly easy to follow and clear.
To deliver my instructions i used google slides. I used google slides because i am very familiar with using it. The factors that made me use this is my experience with it. I have been using google slides or powerpoint for years. Google slides made it easy for my audience as well because most people are familar with powerpoint and google slides and how to use it. 
This week I learned how to make an instruction set for an audience. I learned how to make an undertandable intruction set. However, the legos were kind of easy. I am looking forward to making instruction sets for more complex things like cook books etc.
[link for my instructions](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mPAmw52x__vYAE4A6KssZtD0IO_cTzg3VKP7uu_Jkr0/edit?usp=sharing)
# week 3
My experience with collaborating in a group was good. In my group everyone worked togetherand gave ideas and feedback. A part that made things difficult was on one day 3/4 of us did not come to school because we had the SATs. This was a setback because the other groups were a whole day ahead of us. To catch up we just worked faster. This survey affetcs the sense of audience by having it only be meant for students at pierce college. This is hard for me because i am a running start student and most of my peers aren't in college and cant relate to the survey.
The audience of the project would be college students attending pierce college because the survey questions revolve around what we students use for technology. The purpose of this project is to gather information on technology in our campus.I think you made the project public so we can work in it as a class. ALthough, we worked in small groups we could see other group's ideas.
This week I learned how to work as a group to create questions for a survey.
